Title (Maximum 50 Characters) 
UK Grid Reference 

Description (Maximum 4,000 Characters) 
This simple data field can be added to any of the sports apps and displays a six figure UK Ordnance Survey Grid Reference and the compass direction of travel.  
It is intended to be used when old-school hiking with paper maps for those occasions when you want to get a rough indiction of your current location and direction of travel.  

The six figure grid reference is a good compromise between accuracy and readability on the screen.  It will locate your position to 100m square which doesn't look very accurate when plotted on a zoomed-in digital map but on a 1:25000 OS Explorer map it will put you somewhere in a 4mm x 4mm square which I've found to be good enough in the field.  I'd welcome feedback on other users experience with this. 

The data field cycles through three screens: 
  1. Heading and GPS precision where heading is given as one of 8 compass directions (N,NE,E,SE,S,SW,W,NW) and GPS is given as one of the following strings:
      - Unknown - No location data is available 
      - Old Fix - The location is the last GPS Fix stored on the device.  This should be treated with caution!
      - Poor, Usable, or Good - For more information about the meaning of the GPS Accuracy see this forum post:  https://forums.garmin.com/archive/index.php/t-167917.html 
  2. Six figure grid reference in the format XXeeennn
  3. Heading (again) as a compass direction

For more information about grid references see:  https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/support/the-national-grid.html and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordnance_Survey_National_Grid





Category
Choose the category that best fits your app. Categories are used to organize apps in the Connect IQ Store.

Category 
Subcategory (Optional) 

Privacy Policy
If your app collects user data, you must provide a link to your app’s privacy policy.

Does your app collect user data?
No

Cover Image
This image will be displayed on your Connect IQ Store listing. Image must be a JPG, GIF or PNG less than 150 KB. Image will be displayed as a square (400 x 400 pixels is recommended).

Choose Image 
 
Screen Images
Screen images will be displayed on your app’s detail page in the Connect IQ Store. Image must be a JPG, GIF or PNG less than 150 KB. Image will be displayed as a square (400 x 400 pixels is recommended).

Image 1
Choose Image 
 Image 2 (Optional)
Choose Image 
 Image 3 (Optional)
Choose Image 
 Image 4 (Optional)
Choose Image 
 Image 5 (Optional)
Choose Image 
 
Additional Information
Your email address will not be directly exposed to users.

Email Address 
Source Code URL(Optional) 

Companion Apps (Optional)
If this app requires a companion app, you can direct users to it here.

iOS Companion App URL 
Android Companion App URL 

Additional Hardware Requirements (Optional)
If this app requires additional hardware, you can link to a web page that sells the hardware.

Product URL 
By submitting this app, you agree to our Developer License Agreement and Terms of Use.
